How many gamers are there in the San Francisco Bay Area?

It seems important to first define what exactly is a gamer. How broad of a definition do we want? Are we looking at just console gamers, or are we including people who play board games, table-top RPGs, collectable card games, mobile games, etc? Is someone who plays farmville a few hours a week but otherwise doesn't game a real gamer? I'm going to go for a very broad definition of a "gamer" and say yes, all these people count.

Honestly though, by my very broad definition nearly everyone could be considered a gamer. My mother for example is not the greatest with any technology, but she sure plays the hell out of Free Cell and Mahjong on her PC. My grandmother likewise plays Scrabble religiously with anyone who visits her. I'm probably being far too inclusive in my definition, but I think that's fine.

Based on the 2010 Census (http://www.bayareacensus.ca.gov/bayarea.htm) there are 7,150,739 people living in the San Francisco Bay Area. I'd take just a small portion of that away to represent all the poor, unfortunate souls who really don't have any games in their lives they enjoy. Let's say then that there are approximately 7,050,000 in San Francisco. Having said that, this data is from 2010. Being that it is now 2013, let's bump up that number to 7,200,000 gamers. I don't know how population grows.

Alrighty, let's take another stab at this number. Let's define a gamer as anyone with a gaming hobby but who spends at approximately 10 hours a week engaged in their hobby. I'm tempted to do some more Googling...but nah. What would be the point of this thought experiment were I to do that? I would imagine that may only be 10-15% of the population, but since San Francisco is a bit hipper and more techy than most places I'm going to go for the higher end and say 15%. That's a bit over 1,050,000 people.

These percentages are just based on my own experiences with people I've met, scaled down a bit because I of course tend to hang out with more people who I'd consider gamers than I think is fairly representative of the Bay Area as a whole.